Intro: Toaka
Ru, ru-ru-ru-ru-ru
Ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru, ah
Ru, ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru
Ru, ru-ru-ru-ru-ru
Ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru, ah
Ru, ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru
Red lines, blue lines you carry inside
The twain shall meet at the center of your heart
In a voice that withstands the wind
I'm bringing up the words to deliver
The time is orderly
The breeze is honest
The stars are young and ignorant
Driving people to move forward
Ask me why I cry, and I answer
With the silent tears dropping from my eyes
As if the meaning of our encounter is untraceable
Shouting by myself will never be enough
When the heart only starts beating
If your hand touches it
So how many meanings do we have to go over
Before finally arriving at the destination?
Even if it’s stupid, even if it's ugly
In the right direction
I want to move forward hand in hand with you
Unable to recall those special memories
Having trouble putting these sentiments into words
Perhaps, perhaps
Only by this can the heart be bred
Bridge: Toaka
If only, if by some chance
I noticed what you said to me is still in my heart
Reverberating
Chorus: Toaka
Ask me why I cry, and I answer
With the silent tears dropping from my eyes
As if the meaning of our encounter is untraceable
Shouting by myself will never be enough
When the heart only starts beating
If your hand touches it
So how many meanings do we have to go over
Before finally arriving at the destination?
Post-Chorus: Toaka
Even if it's stupid, even if it’s ugly
In the right direction
I want to move forward hand in hand with you
Outro: Toaka
Ru, ru-ru-ru-ru-ru
Ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru, ah
Ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru-ru... ah